Someone is beating gongs and drums again
The banner says champion.
This Zhao Wanglong is just a third runner-up
Isn't this champion Zhao Ruolan?
Zhao Ruolan really won the world championship
Then Zhao Daming is proud again this time
Hahahaha
That's great. My daughter is the world champion.
So I'm worthy of my ancestors
I would say that Zhao Ruolan is the champion
You still don't believe
Once Ruolan's results come out
I see later
How dare you call my school rubbish?
Hahaha Ruolan
Congratulations, congratulations.
An Olympic champion!
It is an unprecedented honor for our Zhaojiacun
We are all very proud of you.
Dear fellow villagers
Wait a minute.
I will personally award Zhao Ruolan 1 million bonus
Genealogy single page
Let Daming and Ruolan wind shine
I don't believe you.
Zhao Ruolan cannot be the champion
I don't believe it.
He's not systematically trained.
No experience in major competitions
You can't win an Olympic championship.
But here's the thing.
Why don't you believe it?
village chief
Because I'm an Olympic champion, I haven't carved anything.
That also proves that Zhao Wanglong is slandering
He should be punished 20 times according to addition